welcome to serious spoilers
today i will share a drama movie from
2020 titled pieces of a woman spoilers
ahead
watch and enjoy
september 17th
in boston martha and sean are expecting
a child sean works in construction and
martha is taking her maternity leave
from a corporate job
martha's mother elizabeth buys the
couple a new minivan for their new
family which sean resents
sean gives martha photos of the
ultrasound he had framed to put up in
their new nursery room
martha begins experiencing labor and
when shawn calls their midwife they plan
to have for their home birth she is
currently in the middle of a labor the
midwife says she'll send another midwife
eva which is upsetting to martha but
sean tries to keep her calm even as her
labor intensifies
eva arrives and assures martha that her
pain and nausea are completely normal
eva is surprised how far along martha is
and tells her the baby will be coming
soon
martha is in intense deep pain and so
eva suggests they move her into the bath
it comforts her for a little but
eventually eva and sean move martha to
the bedroom
martha is fully dilated so eva tells her
to begin pushing
after eva attempts to listen to the
baby's heartbeat she instructs martha to
move on to her side
she again checks the heart rate and says
the baby's heart rate hasn't come all
the way back up as it should
shawn is worried but eva insists she
will keep an eye on it eva eventually
tells sean to call 9-1-1 and explain
they have a home delivery where the baby
is in distress
he makes the call as eva continues to
coach martha through pushing and
eventually martha pushes the baby out
eva says the baby sounds good and gives
the baby girl to martha to hold her as
martha holds her the baby turns blue and
eva rushes to try to get the baby to
breathe she tells shawn to get the
paramedics as soon as possible the
ambulance arrives and sean runs out to
lead them into the house
october 9th
the baby has died
martha resumes her regular activities
going to work shopping she smiles on a
little girl and begins lactating
at the grocery store she runs into a
friend of her mother's who assures her
that that swindler eva will rot in
prison
shawn and martha head to meet with the
coroner martha admits to sean that she's
worried about his sobriety the coroner
can't tell them any sort of conclusive
cause of death other than the baby
suffered from a lack of oxygen enraging
sean
the coroner also tells them proceedings
have begun against eva martha sean
elizabeth and martha's sister anita go
to pick out a headstone and the family
gets into an argument over the spelling
of the baby girl a vet's name
martha storms out and says they're not
having a funeral since she's donating
the baby's body to science
elizabeth tells sean that martha has a
cousin who is a lawyer who would take up
the case against eva who could face up
to five years in prison and asks him for
all the documentation
he says he will have to discuss that
with martha martha ignores him when he
tries to talk to her about it
he begins crying and makes her promise
not to send the baby's body to science
and she does
december 21st
martha has proceeded with donating the
baby to science against shawn's wishes
elizabeth confronts her having spoken
with sean and asks if they can just
please have her back when they're done
so they can bury her properly martha
coley rebuffs her
sean meets with the lawyer cousin
suzanne
when he comes home he finds martha
taking apart the nursery
sean wants to know why he's trying to
make their child disappear and she wants
to know why he's teaming up with her
mother behind her back
as they struggle over the room they
shatter the framed ultrasound photo
shot asks martha to take a trip with him
and she doesn't seem interested
he initiates sex with her but it becomes
awkward and uncomfortable and he storms
out
later he cries alone
january 13th
sean tries to return the car to his
brother-in-law chris who works at the
dealership getting angry when chris says
he can but chris decides to work
something out anita asks martha why she
isn't returning her mother's calls
martha says she's busy with work but
anita reveals she knows she's quit her
job
shawn has returned to doing cocaine and
begun an affair with suzanne who tells
sean their criminal case against eva is
essentially a slam dunk and that a civil
case could be worth millions
martha parties and a club and makes out
with a stranger
the next day she and sean have a
confrontation where he calls her a liar
and a [ __ ] and throws an exercise ball
at her head the whole family meets for a
meal
sean and suzanne pretend they've never
met
martha becomes agitated as elizabeth
explains that suzanne will be trying the
case
the family begins fighting with each
other with suzanne saying she doesn't
want to trial and it's all that
elizabeth wants elizabeth says if she
had what she wanted martha would be
holding her baby right now implying that
if martha had listened to her and had
the child in the hospital the baby would
still be alive elizabeth tells her she
needs to use her voice and participate
in the trial and speak up or else she
will never be able to move on martha
storms out and elizabeth tells sean she
never liked him
elizabeth asks what he wants and he says
he wants to go home elizabeth writes him
a check tells him to take it and not
come back
sean tells suzanne he's going to seattle
and martha takes him to the airport
march 22nd
martha attends eva's trial
suzanne calls martha to the stand to
testify
on cross-examination the defense
attorney points out that eva told sean
that they should go to the hospital and
he said that to martha but martha said
no
the defense attorney implies that the
baby was born healthy but died after the
birth for some reason and martha begins
crying and asks for a break
she goes and gets the photos developed
sean had taken right after the baby was
born when martha was holding her that
she had never gotten developed
previously
she holds the photo and cries
back at the trial martha asks to address
the court elizabeth and anita are in the
gallery
martha says that she believes eva did
everything she could and that it is not
her fault the baby died
she looks at her mother and says no
trial or compensation could bring her
back and she doesn't want any because
that would mean she could be compensated
she says she does not want to put all of
this pain onto someone else and she does
not believe her daughter was on this
earth to bring that pain and she doesn't
believe she would want it
at home martha finds that the apple seed
she had put out have started to sprout
martha thought her daughter smelled like
fresh apples
martha her mother and her sister began
spending warm family time together again
on april 3rd martha goes out onto the
bridge shawn had once been working on
and scatters the baby's ashes
years later a little girl is climbing in
an apple tree she picks an apple and her
mother martha comes out to tell her
dinner is ready
what did you think of the movie
i want to hear your comments below
thanks everyone for watching
don't forget to subscribe
until the next spoiler